to call you JJ or J or Jonathan?
What do you prefer?
J is fine.
Go ahead with J. Terrific.
All right.
J.
You can't hear me now you can hear me I'm gonna stream this from earlier So I'll be here in the background Trying to clean up the room and and rest my voice It's getting pretty hazy now.
So I think I've heard it a little bit, but this was a good talk I think I did pretty well.
I don't know if I'm gonna play the questions.
I think I'll stop it afterward Good to see everybody and I will be here just not here
Jay, it is great to see you again.
Thank you so much for being here.
Anyone got anything of substance I want to announce?
In particular, I was horrified with Celia Farber's subset yesterday on the dramas happening in North Carolina, all down the Eastern coast, and the lack of response by the government to help anybody.
It's extraordinary.
I'm not sure what to say.
I'm sure there are other Americans in the audience, but it is absolutely extraordinary.
And now I think in this case, you know, this is where social media really backfires on them because it's very hard for them to control this narrative.
And it's awful.
It's awful.
My guess is that nobody knows the truth except for the people that are there.
So why would they not intervene?
Why is there no response from the government?
Glenn might have a thought.
Glenn, you got your hand up?
I thought on the government on which topic?
Hurricane Helene and the impact on North Carolina and similar states.
Oh that when you've got a corrupt government that I'm gonna I'm not gonna play that just because I don't know who's talking I'm gonna wait for a second to see what else they're talking about and then when I start we'll we'll put it on Yeah, but there are we're covering assassination
Thank you.
Um, anyone else got announcements are being passionately resisted, but certainly the attacks are on, um, on our ability to speak up here in Australia.
Go and give it to him.
Yep.
All right, now what I want to do... It'll start in a second, I promise.
All right, now Jay, I've made you a co-host.
I'll play his introduction though, just so you know.
Get this recording and... Recording in progress.
...happening there.
And...
Everybody, welcome to Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International.
And today's discussion on the 2nd of October, no, 1st of October, Irish time, UK time, 2nd of October here in Australia.
This group was founded by Dr. Stephen Frost over three years ago with a desire to pursue truth, ethics, justice, freedom, and health.
Stephen has stood up against government and power over the years and has been a whistleblower and activist.
His medical specialty is radiology.
At this time, we remember Rainer Fulmich, German doctor, German and US lawyer who has fought against attacks on truth, ethics, justice, freedom, and health, and is currently in jail in Germany unlawfully
having been criminally kidnapped by the German and Mexican governments, and is now undergoing a show trial, has had 31 days hearing days, and still was not let out on bail.
They are trumped up charges, and he's expected to be sentenced in the middle of October.
He is in remarkably good mental health, and he announces to the world that
The German regime and the regime that is attacking him will fall.
Anything you can do to support him, promote his cause, is much appreciated.
I'm Charles Kovets, the moderator of this group.
I practiced law for 20 years before changing career 31 years ago over the last 14 years.
I've helped parents and lawyers to strategize remedies for vaccine damage and damage from bad medical advice.
Bad medical advice in America is now the number one killer, number one cause of death.
I'm also the CEO of an industrial hemp company.
We comprise lots of professions here.
Good to see you, Daniel, Anonymous, Patriot, Christie, Brothers Boone, Annie Pye, Ancient Relic, Atari Mama.
And I highlight the recent article by Dr. Stanley Plotkin, the honored godfather of children's vaccines, who has acknowledged that not one vaccine ever created has been properly tested for safety and efficacy.
If this is your first time here, welcome and feel free to introduce yourself in the chat.
If you publish a newsletter or a podcast or you have a radio or TV show, put the links in the chat so we can follow you, promote you and find you.
Most of us understand we're in the middle of World War III and that the medical science battle is only one of 12 battlefields of this latest world war.
There's no time to be tired.
I assess we're four and a half years into a seven year war.
So look after yourself, get fit and healthy and be up for the fight.
Most of us understand the development of science and that the science is never settled.
And today Jay Cooey is going to be pointing out science is never settled.
Some of us believe that viruses exist.
Some of us believe that viruses are a hoax and some of us sit firmly on the fence.
This meeting runs for two and a half hours after which, for those with the time, Tom Rodman runs a video telegram meeting.
Tom puts the links into the chat if you're able to join.
We will listen to Jay Cooey for as long as Jay wishes to speak and then we have Q&A.
Stephen Frost via long established tradition asks the first questions for 15 minutes.
This is a free speech environment with appropriate moderating.
Free speech is crucially important in our fight to preserve our human freedoms.
If you're offended by anything, be offended.
We are lovingly not interested.
We reject the offense industry that requires nobody to say anything that may offend another.
And that we also reject the triggering industry that don't you dare say anything that may trigger another.
That also is a suppression of free speech exercise.
We come with an attitude and perspective of love, not fear.
Fear is the opposite of love.
Fear squashes you, fear enslaves you.
Love, on the other hand, expands you, liberates you.
These twice weekly meetings are not just talk fests.
An extraordinary range of actions and initiatives have been generated from linkages made by attendees in these meetings.
If you have a solution or a product or links or resources that will help people put the details into the chat,
The meeting is recorded and is uploaded onto the Rumble channel.
Now, welcome to our guest presenter, JJ Cooey.
And we thank you, JJ, for again, giving us your time, your wisdom, your insights.
You have spoken to us, I think three times previously, maybe four times, four times.
Thank you very much.
It's wonderful to have you here.
I haven't got a convenient CV of you.
If you want to talk, tell us about your background, please do so.
And thank you, Stephen Frost, again, for creating this group and for organizing Jay to be with us today.
So, Charles, I'll just say that I didn't have an up-to-date
bio, so I think I put in an old bio, which was referring to JJ working for Shuler's Health Defense, so I think that was wrong, but I did describe JJ Cooey, Jay, as a brilliant biologist and probably the foremost expert in the world on COVID-19.
So he not only understands what happened, but he's able to explain it using biology.
So I think that's very valuable, and that's why we keep getting them back.
One of the things, JJ, I saw you getting pretty angry about some people.
I think I put the link in the invitation, so you'll be able to see.
I meant to try and find the time to look at the whole video, which is one and a half hours long today, but unfortunately I didn't have time to do that.
probably good because I would have got confused had I watched it maybe, but you were talking about the Furing cleavage site and getting pretty angry about the people who are promoting the existence of that.
Anyway, please, you're welcome, JJ, so I think you're really important and by the way, did you see that there's an international summit
No, International Crisis Summit, it's called ICS, I think it is, in Japan.
So I think it's the 8th.
It's the, yeah, it was the 6th one.
They have the 7th and the 8th.
And they have the 7th and the 8th planned.
And all of the same people mostly have coordinated each one.
At the center of that is Robert Malone.
Exactly, and so I was in touch with someone in California, this was some time ago, and she was pushing, she wanted to get Robert Malone in, and I said, well, I've nothing against Robert Malone, but I think that
He hasn't got it.
And you need to get people like JJ Cooley.
And I was, they were pretty polite.
There's a guy from Italy as well involved.
And I can't remember the name.
Well, probably it's good that I can't remember the name.
But anyway, they went their own way.
And it's become an echo chamber.
It's very…the very same people you were talking about are, I think, prominent in this.
But anyway, of course, some people who are good get caught up in it.
Well, I think they're all good, but…yeah.
All right, JJ, over to you.
Okay.
So, uh, if I can offer everybody a little bit of viewing advice, if you go up to the top and make sure you're watching speaker view, I'm not going to share my screen because I can do it myself by just, um, switching my own screen over here like this.
Uh, I'll put myself down, put myself down here in the corner who you're listening to.
Um, I am, uh, somebody who wanted to get tenure at a university in America for a long time.
I dedicated about.
18 years of my life to doing that.
I spent a lot of hours under a microscope.
I've killed thousands of mice in my lifetime.
And the result of it are experiments like you see behind here where I'm recording from pairs of neurons and trying to characterize
the short-term dynamics of the connections between them and tell stories about how those neurons might use those different connections to contribute to behavior.
That's what all neurobiologists do in one way or another.
You can find the stain of that work on the internet.
You can look on PubMed, and if you just look for my last name, Cooey, with a dash, JJ, you can find all the papers that I did.
and see exactly what I did for my whole career.
The name that I use on my stream is Gigaohm Biological, and gigaohm means a million ohms.
And it's an expression of resistance that had something to do with the methodology that I used to use.
Jay, could you put your input microphone, input sound up a bit on your audio?
Oh, sure, no problem.
Yes, I can, I can, I can.
I might have it too loud in my ears.
Is that better?
A little bit better?
Yes, a little bit better.
Okay.
So anyway, I have a whole list of reasons why you might want to pay attention to me that I don't need you to read and I don't want to read right now because I think sometimes it
comes off as seeming like this is all about me.
But the reason why I bring up this list is because I've seen an alien that quite a few people don't want you to see.
And a lot of the people that don't want you to see it are people that know the alien that I've seen because I've spoken to all of them.
And that's what this list is.
Some of the more interesting things on this list include number 10, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Meryl Nass, Robert Malone, Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose have never assembled to discuss anyone else's ideas but mine, and all five of them came together in one podcast to talk about the ideas I'm going to talk with you today about.
The same with the no-virus people, they've never really assembled to
tried to attack anyone else but me.
And in fact, Mark Bailey, Kauffman, Cowan, Zeck, and Massey all got together to tell everybody how bad I was and how bad my ideas were.
And this has been going on for five years straight.
The number one reason
Why you might consider listening to me is because as far as I know, I'm the only active medical school faculty member in America to actually lose a job and a career for speaking out in 2020.
I don't know of anyone else who has.
Some people say that they've lost a license or a membership or something like that, but nobody with a track record of wanting to get tenure, with a track record of publishing on PubMed, with a track record of studying with Nobel Prize winning scientists has lost a career that they would have given anything to keep.
except for me.
If you can find somebody else who has, I'd be happy to meet them, promote them and support them.
JJ, maybe your time will come like Julian Assange's time came today.
I don't care about my time, I care about our kids and I want everybody to take these ideas and run with them.
I don't care if you ever mention my name, I just want you to make sure you take these ideas.
This is where I produce all my
Videos, it's like a YouTube channel, but you don't have to log in.
There's no analytics and I pay for it all.
So if you want to watch all the things that I'm working on, you go to this page and you can find all the links to the... I'm teaching a biology 101 class and I'm auditing someone else's stats class and I don't want to show you, but all these links here are active and you can just find all the work that I'm doing there.
So the point is, is that your consciousness, I'm going to make myself a little smaller, his prime real estate, and they have been using beautiful computer graphics and coordinated groups of liars to take control of your consciousness.
They have sent you home, told you to go on social media.
If you don't like the social media that's being censored, you can go to one of the alternative social medias that popped up in 2020
And either way, you have surrendered to their game.
You have given your consciousness over to them.
And unfortunately, besides us acquiescing to social media, we already inherited a set of charlatans from our parents.
a set of charlatans that have been pushing this kind of public health narrative for a very, very long time, ever since the HIV epidemic and before.
This is an ongoing thing that goes back to the special cancer virus program in America.
And I do think that this guy's very right when he says that once a charlatan has power over you, it's very hard to get it back.
The trick is, is that it's not just these TV charlatans, but it's also the coordinated group of charlatans on the internet.
And we have always, for five years, underestimated how many of these people are actually working for the same weaponized piles of money that these guys work for.
In fact, this is the way the Western world is governed at this stage, and it used to be a little bit more awkward with just TV and television, but it has become spectacularly easy with social media.
And so I'm going to start this with statements that I would like anybody to challenge me on after and discuss afterwards.
These are statements that I make that maybe even seem a little too strong with the idea of trying to get somebody to push back.
So far, crickets.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
Now, I'm gonna try to give you some broad biological ideas to support these, and I'm gonna try and bring you to an understanding of why it is that the mystery virus does not equal the excess deaths that we are experiencing.
And I'm gonna give you the whole story right now.
The reason why this is, I'm sure this is the whole story, is because the first time I said this was in 2021.
And then I experienced almost three years of people trying to get me to stop talking about specific things, transfection and this.
What they don't want you to know is the mystery virus is not equal to excess deaths.
They don't want you to know that Denny Rancourt showed very early that there was no evidence of spread.
And they don't want you to notice that all the lawyers working inside of the US legal system, almost exclusively for the last 10 years,
have not said to the American people that if we restored strict liability that these problems would go away.
They have never said that some of these vaccine laws and the way that they prevent you from suing for damages may be a Seventh Amendment violation.
Now, I'm an American.
This may not mean very much to people in Europe and elsewhere, but one of the facts is
that in America we have our own fight because we have our own legislative prison our own legislative cage that we're in and those of you with a royal family or a parliament or a house of lords have a different cage and a very different trap that you're in and unfortunately although the biology will help you strict liability in a seventh amendment violation doesn't really mean anything to you guys but what you should hear
is that all the people that have been purporting to fight for medical freedom in America exclusively fight for free speech.
And they never use very, very well understood legal principles and legal words and legal terms that would get us to the exit quicker.
And they haven't for very many years.
Now, in addition to this, I know that there's a lot of people, there's Noam Chomsky, there's Edward Bernays, the list is quite long of people who have explained what's going on.
But I think it's important
that we adapt what they have said in the past to fit the current social media model.
And so I've tried to do that by saying that weaponized piles of money have used their acolytes on social media to convince us what to argue about and with whom to argue.
And once we accepted that argument,
We just accepted the narrative of the biosecurity state, of Tony Fauci, and of Francis Collins, and of the Vaccine Center, and of CEPI, and of Gavi, and of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and of the WHO.
And in fact, we have been governed by this theater spanning mainstream media to social media for many, many years now.
But at the start of the pandemic, they definitely doubled and tripled down on this idea of completely controlling the narrative with people arguing about it on social media.
And so what I want you to imagine when I put these same terms, that's stupid, darn it, that pivot was wrong.
I should have had those words just moved down here because these are the same words that I just read to you.
What I want you to understand is that these weaponized piles of money and their coordinated liars have created an illusion of consensus.
And this illusion of consensus is about a laboratory virus or a natural virus that because it was novel, it was capable of killing millions of people.
But millions more were saved from it because we rolled out countermeasures and did lockdowns and made some mistakes and there were some hot batches.
But in the end, you know, gain of function is real.
So this could all happen again.
So we better get our act together.
And the way that this is working is the way they do it is that they say the COVID shots are bad, but they don't talk about 2020.
Nobody who is currently at the International COVID Summit, number six, Jessica Rose, Meryl Nass, you know, Robert Malone, all these people will not tell you or not want to talk to you about what was going on in 2019 and 2020.
what they were working on before the pandemic, what their pre-pandemic history is.
Because if you found that out, you would see that they're all into genetics.
They're all into virology.
They're all into immunology.
Some of them worked for NATO.
Some of them worked for DITRA.
All of them were curating the same narrative before the pandemic.
They weren't horse farmers and mimu breeders.
They weren't surfers and mathematicians.
These people are all covering up one thing.
And that is that in every Western country around the world, they expect it all cause mortality to go up.
Why?
It's very simple, ladies and gentlemen, because there were bigger families after World War II than there were in the 80s and were in the 90s and were in the 2000s.
That means that because family size has changed at the same time that life expectancy has gone up and the quality of end-of-life care has gone up, that we have a giant pile of old people.
They expected all-cause mortality to go up.
What would a biosecurity state do with that?
Would they tell you that, well, I guess we got to get more hospital beds, because we're going to need a lot more end of life care, we better spend more money on, on Medicare, even though that's more than half, it would be more than half of the budget of the United States.
if they just let these people go and tried to keep them alive as long as, we've been worried about this for 20 years.
In fact, most Western countries have known that their all-cause mortality was gonna go up, and they have known that this could bankrupt them.
And you can research your own country, you can find the data yourself, and in the United States, for sure we knew it was true because we have some of the most unhealthy old people on the planet.
And so what better way to create the illusion of a pandemic than to use a military exercise and sweep a few of these people together with murder and lies?
That's what I was saying in 20 and 21.
And that's what all these people got me excited about other things like natural immunity and maybe the virus is mutating.
Oh my goodness.
But nobody was talking about this entire list of ways that they've murdered people and lied about it.
Two of the most important things that nobody talks about, and I want you to ask every doctor in this chat and every doctor that you know, what happens when you give somebody pure oxygen for a few hours?
Because there is literally thousands of papers on it, and I've done a whole review on it about two weeks ago.
It can cause ARDS.
It is indistinguishable from severe acute respiratory syndrome, what happens when you give persons pure oxygen.
In fact, you only have to give them 80% oxygen at a high enough flow rate to have the exact same damage occur.
Indistinguishable from the progression of COVID in a hospital.
And so you had a beautiful excuse to get people on ventilators.
Now the crazy thing is, is that the, I don't know why this is here again, darn it.
I got to move this.
The crazy thing is, is that if we go back.
To 2019, here's the video.
You can see it down here.
It's on YouTube.
If you search for Chatham House and Van Ranst from Belgium, you can find this video or you just use this website.
I already put it in the chat in case you're not watching the chat.
I put this link and the next link in there.
This is a video of a guy in 2019 at the Chatham House talking about controlling the narrative from day one.
He's talking about his experience running the flu pandemic in 2009 in Belgium.
He's talking about his conflicts of interest and lamenting about not having the scope of social media available to him that he sees now in 2019 that wasn't available in 2009.
And he jokes constantly about being dishonest in order to get compliance.
The whole audience laughs.
The guy who's sitting on the stage there is a guy who, there's a video on YouTube of him putting his hands down when he got 35 million doses of the vaccine purchased by the Dutch government.
These people in 2019 were having a meeting about how to do it right.
A few months later, you can see on this slide, event 201 is marked in October.
This was in January of 2019.
And so they've known already for a very long time they had to control the narrative.
And so in the start of 2020, I ran into a bunch of people when I was speaking out, they were all controlling the narrative.
I thought they were good guys.
I thought they were really serious about repurposed drugs.
I thought they were sure about this spike protein.
They knew more than I did.
They even knew there was a fear and cleavage site and that there were HIV inserts.
They knew that this was had to be gained.
I didn't even know what gain of function was.
They were already sure it was a lab leak and sure that the deleted databases were the Chinese admitting that they did it.
They were sure that amyloid and prion might happen because the spike protein has funny inserts in it.
They were sure that there were neurological side effects, cardiac effects, and they knew that mitochondrial damage would occur.
And after five years of chasing these things around, I've come to realize one thing.
All this is, is a narrative being seeded specifically for outcomes, for expected outcomes.
when they transfected people to new proteins, not just for COVID, but COVID variants and RSV and pneumonia and all the other things that they're doing now.
They seeded a narrative of all the expected outcomes that we already knew from the academic bench would happen if you transformed and transfected humans.
And they had a bunch of people out there controlling it.
In fact, from very day one, they had a guy who worked for DITRA running a AI server called Domain, an outbreak specialist, a private consultant, a vaccine technologist, an inventor of vaccines, but also a selfless savior, homesteader, and horse breeder.
He came out in 2021 to save us, but he was actually very busy from day one.
in January, he got a call from his CIA buddy told to spin his team up and DITRA and DOMAIN, the server, are actually responsible supposedly for the identification of remdesivir, silicoxib, spelled wrong, famotidine and ivermectin as four candidate repurposed drugs that would work against the 3CL protease.
which Robert Malone claims he made an X-ray crystallography model of and then used AI to interface with all of the known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the FDA catalog and came up with these four.
That's actually the story he told.
I'm not making this up.
And so the narrative was specifically seeded with the help of people who understood the technology, understood what was to be accomplished.
The old vaccine schedule has always been garbage.
They've always known that.
And they've always known that in order to study humans and human genetics and human biology,
They need to use humans.
They've run out of room with inbred mice.
They've run out of room with monkeys.
They know that all of those experiments, because all of those animals are biologically different and not equivalent to us, the only way to learn anything reasonable about our genetics and our physiology related to genetics is to study us.
And the first step in this is to get us to accept transfection as a working medical methodology.
And they've tried to figure that out for a long time.
They've admitted that, right?
They've been working on these for decades.
We've been using them on the bench for decades.
So the trick is to have this guy come out in 2021 and control the narrative about the virus and control the narrative about the technology being used
to respond to the virus.
That's why he said COVID and a couple other people said COVID, but nobody else.
That's why he and these guys pushed vaccines, but also ivermectin and repurposed drugs.
It's definitely a novel virus.
And Brett Weinstein agreed on that podcast that zero COVID is still a realistic goal.
I mean, if we could just get everybody to take ivermectin for 60 days, it would be over.
And in fact, they agreed on that podcast in 2021 that endemic was the worst case scenario.
Interestingly, there's a CNN pandemic documentary from 2019 where they also conclude that if a bat cave virus gets out or a lab leak happens, the worst case scenario is it going endemic.
That would really suck.
And so what is endemicity?
I've got the little picture up there, endemicity, in the background behind the planets there.
This is all Earth.
And you can see behind me, these are years progressing from what would be left to right to you.
And so if we go through, endemicity is the process from becoming from a mud puddle to being everywhere, right?
And the interesting thing to realize from a biological perspective is that there is absolutely no way to differentiate endemicity
from a background signal because we have no data from before 2020.
If there was a background signal there and they used PCR to tell us that it was spreading everywhere, there would be no way for us to tell the difference between this scenario and that scenario.
And they know that.
Of course, all of these people know that.
That's one of the reasons why all of these things aren't discussed.
And so this is where I want to go.
I know it's a lot of reading, but it's a lot of summarizing because if you can follow along, I want you to be able to ask questions and I'll answer them.
So this is a list of things that none of these people, all the heroes won't talk about.
I want to break them down individually.
I've broken them down individually before on separate podcasts, but this is the first time I've tried to bring them all together.
I'm going to drop my head out of the way.
Well, maybe I don't need maybe I plan that already.
Okay, so the first one, why oh, why won't anyone discuss how a background signal could be misconstrued as spread both genetic and actuarial?
using murder.
What do I mean there?
I'm talking about the population pyramid and how we know that there are more old people expected to die in the coming decade than were dying in the previous decade and in the previous decade before that.
And that signal is hot.
And so they can misconstrue that as something like a disaster because it's eventually going to go away.
The crazy part is, ladies and gentlemen, is that China had the same problem.
And you can know that intuitively because otherwise they would have never had the one-child policy in the first place, ladies and gentlemen.
So let's see.
These are a list of questions for people to ask others.
So ask why and for how long DITRA
That's the agency in the United States that's adjacent to the State Department and is actually responsible in the history for cleaning up nuclear weapons in countries that have them and want to get rid of them.
the father of Margaret Hamburg.
Margaret Hamburg was the FDA director for a while or something, and she and her father have been involved in this biology for a very long time.
And so DITRA, for some reason, was in control of all the sequencing of SARS-CoV-2 for at least the first year.
I don't know if
for the whole globe or if it was just for America, but for sure in America.
And nobody seems to want to answer that question as to why.
Ask everyone why they're not talking about the expected increase in all-cause mortality.
And I'm including Denny Rancourt because Denny Rancourt and I had an interview almost maybe a week ago where I told him that this is a signal.
I know it's a signal and they're ignoring it.
It's a signal that they've taken advantage of.
And Denny was very quick and very certain to dismiss it and instead wanted to discuss dominance hierarchies for an hour.
And that frustrated me a lot.
Ask every victim whether high flow oxygen was used, because if it was used, it's probably the way they were killed or attempted to be murdered.
Ask every doctor what they know about pure oxygen because any doctor who doesn't know that pure oxygen is poison is a shithead.
And I mean that.
I really mean that because I have read books now and I've read hundreds of papers.
They have known that you can hurt people with pure oxygen since the 60s.
So ask everyone why we are not talking about the 500,000 Americans that were killed by opioids during the pandemic.
The reason why we're not talking about them is because those people were of all age groups and conveniently reduce the expected lifespan of an American by calculation.
And yet that's been attributed to COVID.
COVID has driven life expectancy down in America.
It couldn't be the half a million people or more killed by opioids of all age groups in America.
And finally ask everyone how we can tell the difference between a new endemic virus and a previously existing background if we don't have any data from before 2020.
because they won't have an answer for you.
The next one, why oh why won't anyone list and define the many ways the methodologies of PCR can be applied to assure highly accurate results that were not used for SARS-CoV-2?
So everybody needs to get their head around the idea that if PCR is used correctly, it is extremely accurate.
because you can layer the reaction on itself and essentially screen a sample multiple times.
And if you're choosing correctly and with good intention, you can make PCR almost so sensitive that the signal that you want to find is sometimes missed.
That's basically how they use it in academic biology.
So a few questions would be, for example, ask if nested primers were used.
So one of the aspects of PCR that a lot of people are not familiar with is that if you're looking for an amplicon, the amplicon is the sub-sequence that you're looking for.
So you might be looking for a sequence that's super long.
But then the amplicon that you look for is only this little small sequence that the PCR can amplify.
And you use a primer that's going this way and a primer that's going that way.
So one of the ways that we can make PCR really accurate in academia is that we would just run this PCR once, and then we would select a second set of primers that would amplify this part.
And then we would only take
take samples where the second amplicon amplified.
So in other words, even if we get a positive here, and we have something amplify, we're still going to use another set of primers to check to make sure that what we amplified matches those primers as well.
That's called nested primers.
And as far as I can tell, all 200 plus EUA granted PCR tests, many of which were produced in China that were rolled out in America in 2020 and 21 up until 2022.
None of them used nested primers and nested primers are very standard ways of making PCR better at the academic bench.
So the second thing to ask people is how many amplicons were targeted.
Because in a lot of PCR tests, they may have amplified multiple amplicons, but only required one amplicon to be present for it to be positive.
So if I go back to this thing, you might also think, well, they could have amplified this amplicon, and then they could amplify this amplicon.
So you could have amplicon A, amplicon B, and amplicon C. But the funny thing is, is that in academic biology, in order to say the whole thing was there,
Nature Magazine or Cell Magazine would require you to show that Amplicon A, Amplicon B, and Amplicon C were present, and they were present in pretty equal quantities, relative to some other endogenous gene from inside the animal, and that Amplicon would be D.
And so the scale between all these things would also help to indicate, you know, how good is this signal?
Nothing like that was used in a SARS-CoV-2 diagnostic.
Instead, the presence of any one amplicon was a positive.
It's exactly the opposite of how one would use PCR to diagnose the presence of something on an academic bench, but everybody
who works in an academic setting assumes that these proprietary PCR tests and these great companies would never short, but they did.
And you can go online and you can find the description of the EUAs and the description of the methodologies and you can actually see it.
One amplicon, two primers.
That's a PCR test.
I'm not kidding.
And so the other thing is, we'll ask what the control endogenous amplicon was.
So the other thing that you have with regard to a academic bench is that you will have this D amplicon.
The D amplicon would be something from you, so that you could scale it.
I mean, how strong is this signal, right?
And the idea would be, on an academic bench, is that you would have a signal that when you PCR'd it up, that it would be the same signal across all mice.
So, you know, like legs, for example, if you wanted to see if if mice had extra noses, then you would scale it to the legs, right?
Okay, I got four legs and one nose.
That's correct.
If you got four legs and two noses, now, you might have read that wrong.
Right?
And so here, if you expect that in every mouse, you're going to get
10 copies of D to show up, then in order for the presence of this one to be significant, maybe you need 100 copies of it.
But if only 10 show up, then maybe you decide it's not a big deal.
In other words, in an academic setting, you have all of these different ways to verify what you're getting and scale it, quantify it maybe relative to something else, and verify that what you're getting is not a false signal.
And none of those things, absolutely none of them,
were used in the context of PCR diagnostics.
Instead, they use them in the opposite way that they would be used on an academic bench.
And so academic biologists around the world need to come to the realization that all the ways they use PCR to achieve high fidelity results were not used in any pandemic diagnostic products.
They may be now, now that they want COVID and all these endogenous signals to be read correctly, they could be now fine.
The Abbott test could be great.
But I can tell you, and you can verify it yourself, the EUA-granted tests that we used in America in 2020 to define the crisis that everyone else pointed to and said, oh my gosh, look what's happening in America.
We got to get out of this.
Those tests were not.
And that's the way it is.
So why oh why won't anyone list and define the many ways, even in its purest form, the mRNA products would have never been appropriate for healthy humans?
So right now the main focus is on the DNA contamination, but that's absolute nonsense.
And the reason why is because we need to ask everyone if fragmented mRNA can be problematic.
The answer is yes.
And there's a lot of fragmented mRNA in all of the samples that we can test.
So that already is a danger, and that was a danger from day one.
That's not something that we needed to find the double-stranded DNA to know.
Every one of these people that was defending the shot for four years as possibly okay should have already done known better.
Ask anyone if the DNA contamination was a previous problem in pharmaceutical manufacture, because it was.
And in fact, all biologics that are made by lot need to be screened for DNA and RNA contamination.
And if they have any, the entire lot is burnt.
That's the reason why so many biologics are so expensive to make and why making mRNA or DNA is quite a bit cheaper because the step, anion exchange chromatography, that's used to clean up biologic proteins and get all this stuff out of there doesn't work on mRNA and DNA.
It can't separate those.
So the really expensive process to clean up any protein biologic is just not even needed here.
And so they already knew that the contamination was possible.
They already knew the purity problem would be there.
They already knew that.
So ask everyone if LNP technology has ever remained at the injection site, because it never has, not before or after the pandemic.
And the idea that they were saying that is, of course, absurd.
Ask anyone if they know who Jesse Gelsinger is, because he's an American kid who in the early 2000s or late 90s was given an adenovirus treatment for his liver disease, and it killed him.
And they learned a lot from that.
including the fact that one of the easy ways to pull the wool over our eyes would be to use an adenovirus vaccine that they knew would hurt people and then withdraw it from the market to claim that they were monitoring safety.
So ask everyone else how to explain how, ask everyone to explain how Inovio's so-called vaccine was made and how it works, because if they don't know, they're about to find out.
And finally, ask everyone why they have never considered the advantage for them
meaning all the bad guys, a placebo would provide.
Why is it that I'm the only one on earth who ever brings up the fact that the easy way to make the manufacturing quota would be to introduce placebo?
The easy way to reduce the total number of adverse events would be to introduce a placebo.
The easy way to make sure that you monitored only the people that needed monitoring would be used to placebo in a lot of places.
And it would save so much money.
And it would make everybody so certain that they could make manufacturing targets.
It would make everybody so certain that lots were okay, or that hot lots were... Think about that.
Not one of them has considered the possibility of placebos, even though that's the easiest way to do this.
And so let's watch this.
It can take years, sometimes decades, but international research facilities all around the world, like this one here in San Diego, are trying to come up with a vaccine for the new coronavirus in record time.
Let's find out how they're doing it.
So this is Dr. Kate Broderick.
Hello, Kate.
She heads up research and development here at Inovio.
And you can tell us about how you even start creating a vaccine.
How does it work?
Absolutely, Tulip.
So what you're looking at here is the actual DNA sequence of the virus from the outbreak in China.
We received this virus sequence when the Chinese authorities put it online.
We downloaded it.
We started working on it immediately.
And essentially overnight, we designed the vaccine that you can see here.
The next step then is to put that into manufacture.
So let's go and have a look at that now.
Okay, so so far she told you that they have the DNA sequence.
And they're going to make a synthetic version of the DNA sequence.
And then they're going to make a lot of it.
Let's go see how they make a lot of that DNA sequence.
And if you're not familiar with Inovio, Inovio is a vaccine company that originated in Norway.
It was incorporated by Robert Malone and his wife.
And they specialize in electroporation technology, which is a little electric gun.
And so the idea would be to take this DNA that they're making there and with the electric gun, they would electroporated into your skin cells.
And it would be kind of a cutaneous subcutaneous vaccination.
And they would use the DNA of this, I believe it's the DNA of the spike protein, although she said that was the whole virus, I think it was the DNA of the spike, the whole virus would be 30,000.
And I don't think that was 30,000 on one screen.
Anyway, let's go see how they manufacture a lot of the DNA.
So here we are, Tulip, in the plasmid manufacturing lab.
So what you can see here is that we've taken the DNA medicine, the plasmid, and now we've added it to bacteria.
And the incubators in the back, you can see the bacteria growing.
And also in these flasks that you can see on the bench top here.
It's a very musty smell isn't it?
Very smelly, you do get used to it after a while.
So the next stage will be to purify the DNA from the bacteria.
That will give us a pure product, then can be used for pre-clinical testing, which is going to start this week.
And we hope to get the final product into human testing by early summer.
Kate Broderick from NIVO.
Thank you very much.
So she's going to win.
What you can see here is that we've taken the DNA medicine, the plasmid, and now we've added it to bacteria.
And the incubators in the back, you can see the bacteria growing.
And also in these flasks that you can see on the benchtop here.
It's very musty smelling.
Very smelly.
You do get used to it after a while.
So the next stage will be to purify the DNA from the bacteria.
That will give us a pure product, then can be used for preclinical testing, which is going to start this week.
And so the unfortunate thing is, is that this video tells everything.
And I didn't see it at first because I didn't understand the biology, but I saw this video already years ago and thought it was cool.
But I didn't get it.
And now I get it.
What this video is an admission of is, number one, that biologics are manufactured using synthetic DNA, amplified to unlimited, nearly pure quantities, not possible by any other means.
Sorry.
Not possible by any other means.
Understand that.
that pharmaceutical companies around the world that make biologics have all of the equipment necessary to make large quantities of pure DNA.
That's the only way to do it.
You can't go out in nature and dig a hole and mine for it.
You can't grow it in culture after you sample it from a bat.
The only way to do it is to start with DNA that you make synthetically and then use it, use a bacterial culture, hijack a bacterial culture to replicate that plasmid.
And then you can make liters, grams of it.
Synthetic DNA can also be converted to RNA using commercially optimized RNA polymerases, creating a pure quantity of RNA that was otherwise never possible.
And this is how they make the transfection, the mRNA injection, right?
That's all they do.
And so DNA or RNA could be used any number of ways to seed a high fidelity signal that would be detectable both by PCR and by sequencing.
There's no doubt about that.
If they wanted to find the spike protein in my house, they could make the DNA or the RNA as described in this video and spray it out of a bottle.
And then swabbing anything would find it in high fidelity.
And it would be a very strong signal.
If the protein was, or the RNA could produce protein, then maybe I would produce spike protein if I inhaled it.
Because that's just transfection and transformation, nothing else.
So virology calls the production of pure DNA or RNA using identical methods, they call that infectious clones.
This is the whole truth of virology right here, and the reason why no virus doesn't get you to the finish line.
because anytime they've ever found a signal in the wild, they've started with this process, where they take a DNA, they grow it up, and then if they need to, they can do number two, and they can add that synthetic DNA to a commercially optimized RNA polymerase that'll make the RNA, and then they put that RNA on a cell culture and call it virology.
That's it.
And that's the trick for all gain of function.
It's not about whether the RNA can grow and cover the earth.
It's about whether they made enough.
And if they made enough, they could find it anywhere they wanted to, but RNA can't do what they say it can do.
Like biologics manufacture, these pure quantities are otherwise impossible to obtain only through commercial methods.
And so it is absolutely important to see that this is the same story.
The reason why transformation and transfection is on all of their resumes and it was on my resume before the pandemic is because every academic biologist that knows anything about molecular biology ought to know these two terms.
So number one, ask an academic biologist what a mini or a midi prep is.
And if they know, then they definitely should be able to define these two terms.
transfection and transformation, which refers to the use of DNA transformation or the use of RNA transfection to cause the expression of a protein where it's not supposed to be artificially.
So ask every academic biologist how optogenetics is done in mice and monkeys, because that's done with an adenovirus transformation.
And they should have known that.
That's how I knew, because that's what I did.
And anybody that's reading those papers knows that that's a transformation.
And that's exactly the same thing that AstraZeneca was.
Ask every academic biologist what small interfering RNA is and what it does, and then ask them again, what about those small fragmented RNAs that are in the shots?
Those aren't a problem?
And finally, ask every academic biologist to describe the possible long-term effects of transfection on their experimental model.
Anybody that uses transfection or transformation in an animal can't tell you that because they sacrificed the animal early enough so that they can see what they did.
If they don't sacrifice the animal early enough, the place that they transfected will be destroyed by the immune system, so all the anatomy will be lost.
So academics have been using this on the bench for decades, but they just haven't been using it in a way that has directly shown them that it would kill the animal over time, directly shown them that it could cause autoimmunity, directly shown them that it could sterilize them or damage their pups because they don't look.
It's just a tool that has been misconstrued into an investigational vaccine by an illusion of consensus coordinated by people like Robert Malone.
And finally, why won't they acknowledge the statement that RNA cannot pandemic?
Well, then ask every biologist to explain why DNA can be copied nearly error-free, but RNA cannot.
And the short answer is because DNA is double-stranded.
You can proofread it.
When you put it back together, if it doesn't fit, it's an indication of an error.
RNA doesn't have that, especially a positive-stranded coronavirus RNA that's 30,000 bases long.
So ask every academic to explain what enables coronaviruses to sustain such a huge single-stranded RNA genome to endemicity.
How does a molecule copy itself infinitely and sustain it permanently, which is what endemic means.
It's just there.
There's no biology to explain that.
None.
And yet we accept it because these people agree
to accept it.
They create this illusion that everybody agrees on this, from Tony Fauci to Robert Malone, they all agree.
Ask every academic biologist to explain the mechanism of action for Remdesivir, because if they do, they'll find two papers, both with Ralph Baric on them, or Sina Bavari on them, and then in that case, that it would also be a post-doc of Ralph Baric named Alison Totura.
And in those two papers, they explain very succinctly that remdesivir works on the proofreading protein of coronavirus.
So the only evidence that they have that coronavirus is able to sustain an RNA genome, unlike any other RNA molecule on the planet, is because of a protein called XON that
that Ralph Baric and Mark Dennison have found, and they have a candidate drug that interferes with it called Remdesivir.
And a few months before the pandemic, the head of U.S.
Amerid named Sina Bavari and the last postdoc of Ralph Baric published a paper where they said that soon there would be a coronavirus, probably out of a bat cave, and that Remdesivir would be a great thing to have on the shelf.
So ask every academic biologist to define what exosomes are and name any context in which exosomes play a role in normal physiological function.
Well, I'm an academic neurobiologist, so I'm going to give you an example from the brain.
Up until 2019, there was this protein in the brain, rather a gene in the brain called ARK, which was actin-associated regulatory something, something, I don't know what it means, actin-associated
arc ARC, you can look it up anyway, this gene was used as an early indicator that a neuron had been activated by an experience.
And the way that we figured this out was we would give rats cocaine, and then we would kill them really quick and slice up their brains and look where the where the gene expression had occurred.
And some of the earliest genes to come on one of them was this, this gene called arc.
And so for a very long time in neuroscience, we've been using ARC as a marker for neurons that were recently activated.
And in 2019, it was discovered that neurons actually package the mRNA of the ARC protein in an exosome or in an endosome or in an endogenous virus, and they send it to neurons next to them so that neurons that weren't activated can still remodel their local synapse.
because they still express the protein that releases the cytoskeleton and allows the spine to reorganize.
And so before 2019, we had no idea that the brain sent little viral packages of mRNA to neighboring neurons to get them to be liable to learning, even if they weren't themselves activated by the input.
And now we would be really naive biologists if we thought that that example was going to be the one in a million anecdote where a particular tissue signals with exosomes.
That would be a terrible assumption, but that's the assumption they would like you to make.
My argument is, is that all healthy tissues signal with exosomes and they've known that for quite some time.
My argument is also that our immune system probably uses retroviruses and they've known that for some time.
So finally, these questions make sense to me now.
Why won't anyone?
They won't discuss the background signal being misconstrued because that would reveal the murder.
They won't list all the ways that PCR could be misconstrued against a background and was used differently on an academic bench because then that would reveal the lie.
They won't tell you that the mRNA and the transfection, even in their purest form, wouldn't have been appropriate because then that would reveal they always knew that they were transfections and transformations.
They definitely won't tell you that they know that infectious clones are really just transformation and transfection in cell culture being lied about as virology, because then that would reveal that the no virus position is indeed not quite going to save us from this biosecurity state now, is it?
And finally, they won't address this RNA cannot pandemic thing because that's very different than saying there are no viruses.
If my immune system can signal in some ways that occasionally someone else will react to, that wouldn't be so crazy, but it would be very easy to misconstrue as something very dangerous instead of something very normal.
And RNA cannot pandemic dismisses that with three words.
so it shouldn't surprise you if you go back to 2017 that you can find videos of Robert Malone talking about how vaccines are great and how he's great and how he's a outbreak specialist and he you know cut his teeth with Zika and Ebola and he brokered the the Ebola vaccine for Merck and yada yada yada and it shouldn't surprise you that if you go back to 2015 you can find Paul Offit arguing with
arguing with Mary Holland about how the MMR vaccine is bad or some component of it is or how it's not and how anti-vaxxers are bad and they're spreading bad information because vaccines are so great and ten years later it's the same two clowns still arguing about the same things.
Mary Holland doesn't say that all vaccines are bad or intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
CHD fired me at the end of 23 because I was talking about Robert Malone on my stream and that's actually what they told me.
I was interfering with their interaction with their partners, you know, the people that they publish the books for.
Mary Holland was fighting this in 2015 by saying that the MMR vaccine caused autism in her son.
The exact same thing that Polly said in the UK, the exact same thing that Wakefield said in the UK.
And they all argue that maybe we should separate it, or maybe we should test the components.
And they haven't tested these.
And Paul Offit was the guy they argued with.
And they're still arguing with him today.
All the parties in 2020 accepted endemicity, including Paul Offit, who just did a podcast a couple of weeks ago about maybe COVID will be here forever.
That's endemicity.
Now here's where I have to say something that I'm not very happy about, but I love Mike Eden.
Mike Eden really woke me up early about the idea that natural immunity was more important, yada, yada, yada.
But what I didn't know then that I see now is that natural immunity accepts the existence of the novel virus.
It just argues that natural immunity is better than whatever they're offering.
And that's the hamster wheel that he got us running in.
And I'm disturbed by the fact that he has joined the NoVirus group and promotes their books with knowing that he knows me.
That we've talked before about this infectious clone idea and the idea that they can make large quantities of DNA or RNA and they can put it on cell cultures and say whatever they want.
And those NoVirus people ignore that.
And he's also promoted this guy and Jonathan Engler, if you like him, I'm very sorry, but this guy meddled with my life personally and tried to get me to write a virology review with him.
And if you go to his sub stack and read his virology review, it's the worst virology review ever written.
And somewhere in the 13th page, he says something about me.
And that was supposed to be a friendly hat tip.
These people are all liars.
They've been lying to me for years already.
I'm sorry, but I've seen the ghosts.
And so I'm very upset, if you can see my pointer, that so many of these people are saying there's no viruses.
They don't have any nuance at all.
These people say we have to fear free range RNA molecules because there's gain of function.
These people call them viruses.
The only guy that I can really say hasn't stepped on my nerves is Thomas Binder.
Everybody else, even I love Sukrit Bhakti, but he thinks that there's a COVID.
He's sure that there was a novel, strange virus that went around it.
I just don't buy it.
And I'm very upset with Denny Rancourt because I think he's a guy who either can speak to the possibility that the population pyramid in the Western world could have been weaponized against us, and he's not, in the same way that for almost a half a year,
and I'm going to just say it, he went to the International COVID Summit in Romania, and he presented all of his data.
He presented that there was no pandemic and evidence of spread in 2020, and that the rollout of the shots was causing an increase in all-cause mortality.
And all of those people over there who saw him, including Merrill Nass, Robert Malone,
Steven Hatfill was there.
They all came back from Romania and were happy to say that, look, wow, crazy.
Denny Rancor says that 17 million people were killed from the shot.
Not one of them, not one of them was able to take home the message that also there's no evidence of epidemiological spread in America in 2020.
None of them.
And Denny didn't care.
Denny didn't say anything.
Denny said he wanted to be strategic about it.
He still hasn't corrected them.
And it's shocking to me that now Michael Yeadon and Denny Rancor are having an active conversation in the comments of Substack about how Jessica Hockett, the person who set me up for that virology review, is a great person because she says there's some fraud in New York City.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are being governed by a new kind of totalitarianism that Aldous Huxley told us about, and what it is, is these acolytes on social media are getting us to argue with them, retweet me, and as long as you do that, you're essentially getting in a chair, and it's a simulation.
What X is, is a weaponized pile of money using your data, showing you a false sense of reality, giving you a false sense of being heard, giving everybody a false sense of free speech.
And it's absolutely not that at all.
And yet everybody's fighting over whether Elon Musk is saving us or not and being censored in Brazil.
It's all nonsense.
Social media is exactly the trap they want us to accept because that's how they got us here.
Social media is like that guy in that chair.
You are sitting with goggles on, you are fighting the Empire, you're chasing Star Wars Tie Fighters around.
And I've been doing that for four years, trying to get these people to say these words.
I don't want my name, just say it.
Just try to say it once.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And if it works for tetanus, then great.
There's one exception.
So those things have been ignored for a very long time, and the latest iteration of that is this Rescue the Republic thing that happened on Sunday, where all these people got together and said a prayer and sang songs and said that they were going to save us.
But this is the deal.
They're going to admit that processed food was bad because they can use that against America and destroy her.
They're going to admit that environment in America is polluted and they can use that to undermine America too.
They will admit that cosmetics are toxic and that means the FDA is shit.
They will admit that the old vaccine schedule wasn't tested.
They will admit that the COVID shots were bad too.
They rushed it.
I mean, you know, they, they, they, they had to save us and they will promise to fix all of these agencies and they will promise to fix all of these problems with science.
That's what the Trump unity party with, with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Joining up as the health guy is all about.
Well, that's what Maha is all about.
These people, if you just listen to their words, they actually say it because they've never risked anything.
None of them,
and they won't speak candidly about where they were in 2020 or before.
Because if you do look, you will find that they were put in place.
They were put in place to be ready, and they are blaming the American military, most likely because this whole thing has been coordinated in the beginning by the American military.
The American military probably is responsible for sweeping a few of these people together to create the peak that the entire world could point to and say, look what's happening in New York.
They don't have their act together.
Donald Trump has no tests.
Oh my gosh.
And that justified the lockdown down under.
It justified the masks in Japan.
And they could say, look, look, look.
And it's all one big story.
Do you know why?
No, because they made an own goal this week.
Steve Kirsch admitted the play.
You ready to hear it?
They will fix all of these with science.
And the quote you're listening for is that's why Bobby Kennedy says he's not anti-vax.
Listen for the quote, it's right at the end.
are safe and effective you should go get yours because that's what the not that's not what the news media should be doing they should be reporting on what's actually happening and and pointing out to people that side effects do occur and that they should always before getting any medical intervention understand the the risks and the benefits now for all vaccines it turns out that the um except in extremely rare cases like you know maybe this one might have might have been a a case but
So make sure you understand that maybe this one was a case where the risk benefit was okay.
So he first is going to start this by saying that for this one for the COVID vaccine, maybe the risk benefit was okay.
So I'm going to play that again, because you need to hear it first.
He's saying that the TV shouldn't say go get your shots because it's not that simple.
They should say more.
And then he says that listen carefully, because it's important to parse this out.
understand the risks and the benefits.
Now, for all vaccines, it turns out that the, except in extremely rare cases, like, you know, maybe this one might have been a case, but I really don't think so.
In pretty much every case I know about, the benefits of vaccination never outweigh the risks, and people should always be refusing vaccination.
We've been telling people that for a long time.
And people don't listen.
So we've been telling that to people for a long time.
Also very disingenuous because when Mary Holland went on Democracy Now in 2015, she didn't tell everybody not to take vaccines.
She said that the MMR vaccine or some component of it hurt her son.
And later they say that maybe it was a genetic predisposition to it.
And in fact, Children's Health Defense promotes many people who still push the idea that genetic disposition and vulnerability is what underlies vaccine injury.
So again, him saying that we've been saying that for a long time, no one's been saying it.
No one's been saying that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal until I started saying it.
I'm not trying to toot my own horn.
I'm trying to say how desperate this situation is.
No one actually says it.
And Bobby Kennedy, of course, doesn't say it.
He always says he's not anti-vax.
He wants tested vaccines.
So listen to what Steve says next.
This was three days ago.
Should I ever take another vaccine?
No, people should not take any of the vaccines that are currently approved.
There may be a time, Stu, in five years from now that they actually have a safe vaccine.
No, there won't.
We can't rule that out.
And that's why Bobby Kennedy says he's not anti-vax.
That's why Bobby Kennedy says he's not anti-vax.
There's no other way to hear that.
I'm sorry, there's no other way to hear that.
These people won't talk about the truth, and the truth is discussable.
It is understandable and it is accessible, especially to academic biologists and to doctors who do their reading.
First and foremost, just to summarize, this population problem, this impending doom has been looked at from the perspective of the NHS and the budget of America and a lot of other countries for a very long time.
They knew this was coming and they would murder and lie about it.
The way that they did it,
was they lied about a novel virus going endemic when all the while a background could explain that.
So the combination of the expected rise in all-cause mortality and a few murders, as well as the lying about what they're seeing in the background, could have already allowed them to seed a narrative that was just perfectly tweaked
so that the expected outcomes of the transfection would be misconstrued with the spreading virus.
And of course, the gain-of-function lab leak story and the gain-of-function viral story all played exactly in to the idea that, wow, I don't know if it's transfection or if it's the spike protein, but it's transfection, I assure you.
And that's why they've taken the strategy of talking the COVID shots are bad,
Let's just not talk about 2020.
So I want to just give you one more thing to leave you with something that will tease you and I think we're really close to a huge breakthrough.
So what they told us versus is there a more parsimonious biological explanation?
Hold your breath.
I hope I'm not insulting anybody here.
This is not me thinking alone.
This is me standing on the shoulders of giants.
HIV is a retrovirus that attacks T-cells.
Reverse transcriptase and or antibodies are an indication of infection.
In case you're unaware, in case you're unaware, HIV is diagnosed by the presence of antibodies or the presence of reverse transcriptase activity.
That's the indication of an infection at that time.
And maybe it came from bushmeat is something that even Brett Weinstein believes.
What do I think is a more biologically plausible explanation?
Well, our immune system uses retroviruses.
And reverse transcriptase is endogenous, and that we actually know.
You can look it up in PubMed and find that out.
So although he got the Nobel Prize for discovering it, and David Baltimore says reverse transcriptase is from retroviruses that come from outer space or something, we have reverse transcriptase in our own physiology.
An intramuscular injection of retroviruses from closely related animals is probably dumb.
And we know that Hilary Koprowski and others were making early vaccines using chimpanzee cells and this kind of thing, which all could have hexisomes or retroviruses from their own signaling that would be compatible enough with ours to screw it up.
Much easier explanation than bushmeat and magic viruses that transmit funny ways.
Let's look back at the narrative that Mary Holland told us in 2015 and that the movie Vax told us about Polly and about the Wakefield paper that MMR or some component of it caused my son's autism.
Children can inherit genetic vulnerabilities to adjuvants or genetic predispositions to autism and then the vaccines can trigger it.
And so safe vaccines are possible if we could screen everybody for these vulnerabilities, and they're obviously a worthwhile goal.
That's actually where Mary Holland and Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein and all of these people sit.
Only Peter McCullough, to my knowledge, has said that vaccines are bad, but he hasn't actually implied that they will never be good, which is what I would suggest at this stage.
That's why I say with my statement that all intramuscular injection with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
So here's this narrative of Wakefield and
Mary Holland and and the MMR vaccine and remember they just wanted to split them up or something, right?
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system would also is dumb would also explain that
The recent age progression to pregnancy and day of birth vaccines is completely incongruent with everything we know about fetal and infant development.
That's another incredibly large battleship sized reason to be skeptical of the whole vaccine schedule.
And yet Mary Holland is only skeptical of some components or something.
And then finally,
We need to admit that we need to sequence everyone regularly because the Human Genome Project, that's what HGP is, the Human Genome Project was a lie.
Now, that could be a whole other presentation, but I don't know how many people are aware of the idea that the Human Genome Project was a lie.
But basically, all they did was get a bunch of landmarks and then agree that those landmarks could be found in a few genomes that they checked and then said they were done.
This is a multi-billion base genome that they don't have any hopes of comparing across genomes unless they have all of them.
And so the Human Genome Project was really an illusion that was created by the US Department of Energy
that was created with the intention of being able to fuel the coming years and decades of vaccine and genetic research under the idea that we have to figure out the genetic causes of all these things, of all these vulnerabilities, genetic diseases, childhood diseases, yada, yada, yada.
And also we need to understand our immune system.
All of those questions, the only thing the Human Genome Project did was make them realize that animals weren't going to do it, that monkeys wouldn't do it, and that a few people is not nearly enough to get the data they need to even hope to have enough data for the AI to crack the human genome.
And so don't believe them when they say that they're sequencing you, because they don't.
They make restriction enzyme maps.
It's very different than sequencing you.
And finally,
And we can, like I said, that's a whole talk.
Finally, the COVID thing.
There is a novel virus in circulation.
Novelty means everyone is vulnerable.
Worst case scenario is endemicity.
Billions could die because gain of function is a real danger.
We rushed it, we made mistakes, but there are bad batches and we all got new vaccine tech out of it, y'all.
So that's really exciting.
We've got a new technology from a pandemic, you know, good and bad.
I think the real truth is, is that a rise in all cause mortality was expected.
And all nations involved had this shared problem, China too.
There was no way to differentiate a pre-existing background from something they say is going or already is endemic.
And so that that already gives me a pretty good reason to believe they're lying.
And placebo could be easily used to stage a manufacturing and safety and public health miracle.
And incidentally, also the controlled demolition of America, because then the whole world will blame this on us.
And that's the intention.
I think they need to destroy us because the rest of you are in much tighter cages with much less opportunity to exit.
And so the more that we don't realize that America is that one opening where
the rest of Western nations might be able to live vicariously through a free America until something else can be changed in your countries.
But right now, we're the only ones with free speech and guns.
And so I think we have an extra special reason that we need to fight.
So murder and lies?
Absolutely.
To cover up the fact that the US vaccination schedule was a criminal enterprise, to cover up the fact that they always knew transfection
was a crime and that RNA can't pandemic.
I really think that's the best way to summarize it.
This is the place to find me and I'll answer any questions you need me to answer.
If anybody's still there.
Yes, yes, we're still here.
Jay, thank you so much for this work you've done.
Thank you for sharing your passion, your provocative perspectives.
So to give people a chance to be
Provocative.
Congratulations on the style of your presentation, Jay.
As a professional speaker, as I am, you do brilliantly and share complex ideas.
And then having you sitting in the corner, I've got to learn from you how to do that because I know other people do that.
I think I'm going to leave it there.
Whoops, I dropped my lights.
Ooh, looking dark-eyed there.
I think I'm gonna leave it there My voice is tired from that and I've been called to go upstairs to eat the questions were Okay, they're gonna post those up on the rumble channel and you can watch them when Charles posts that and I'll post this whole video maybe who that's weird I'll post this.
Oh, that's also weird I'll post this video up on
on the peer tube, like with the questions.
Perhaps I'll do it that way.
I hope that was good.
Yeah, my mic has been low.
I don't know what, maybe I turned something down over here or something.
Anyway, thank you very much, and I will see you guys again tomorrow.
I'll be online with this Wednesday thing.
I can't remember what I have planned, but I have something on my list.
So yeah, I'll see you guys again tomorrow.